STRIDE native room preview — build 22

This is the same STRIDE Mac app, not a separate product. Build 22 keeps the
current shell and web experience, includes build 19's opt-in native meeting
media path, and replaces the system split-panel treatment with a coherent
STRIDE desktop layout in both windowed and full-screen modes.

Install

1. Verify the SHA-256 supplied with the DMG:
   shasum -a 256 STRIDE-1.0.dmg
2. Open the DMG and drag STRIDE.app to Applications. It replaces an older
   STRIDE.app because the bundle identifier is unchanged.
3. Open STRIDE from Applications. This local QA build is not notarized for
   public distribution. If Gatekeeper blocks the first launch, use Finder's
   Open action and approve it, or use Privacy & Security > Open Anyway.
4. Grant microphone and camera access when macOS asks. Grant Screen Recording
   only when testing screen share.

Two-person meeting check

1. Both testers open build 20 and sign in normally.
2. Before joining, choose Native room under Native room preview. This is a real
   participant in the same live room as web and iOS; it is not a mock or a
   separate room. Media ownership cannot be changed during a call, so leave
   first if you need to use WebKit fallback.
3. Join the same room and confirm exactly two seats, one local capture owner per
   Mac, two-way audio, two-way video, mute/camera sync, and clean seat removal
   after leaving.
4. Repeat once with the ordinary Rooms/WebKit media path as the A/B baseline.
   Do not treat a listening preference alone as proof of improved quality.
5. If native initialization fails before joining, leave Native Media disabled
   and use the existing WebKit path. Do not switch media owners mid-call.

Video effects

- The WebKit path has STRIDE's existing video looks and background blur.
- Native room preview does not yet implement app-controlled background looks
  or blur. This is a truthful limitation, not a hidden or disabled control.

Useful recovery checks

- Remove and reconnect a USB, wired, or Bluetooth input while joined.
- Sleep and wake one Mac.
- Interrupt and restore the network.
- Deny a permission, leave, correct it in System Settings, and rejoin.

Do not save raw audio/video, room or participant names, device names, SDP, ICE
candidates, IP addresses, tokens, or account data in QA evidence. Report only
sanitized timings, aggregate metrics, pass/fail outcomes, and screenshots with
identifying content removed.

This build is for named local QA testers. Developer ID signing, notarization,
stapling, a signed Sparkle feed, and public privacy review remain separate
distribution gates.
